`azurerm_traffic_manager_profile`  - support for the `interval_in_seconds`, `timeout_in_seconds`, and `tolerated_number_of_failures` propeties (#3473)
terraform-providers/terraform-provider-azurerm: website/docs/r/traffic_manager_profile.html.markdown

* `path` - (Optional) The path used by the monitoring checks. Required when `protocol` is set to `HTTP` or `HTTPS` - cannot be set when `protocol` is set to `TCP`.

> * `interval_in_seconds` - (Optional) The interval used to check the endpoint health from a Traffic Manager probing agent. You can specify two values here: 30 seconds (normal probing) and 10 seconds (fast probing). If no values are provided, the profile sets to a default value of 30 seconds.

Reviewer: Could we quote the values and for consistency work it like:
```suggestion
* `interval_in_seconds` - (Optional) The interval used to check the endpoint health from a Traffic Manager probing agent in seconds. Possible values are `30` (normal probing) and `10` (fast probing). Defaults to `30` seconds.
```

> * `timeout_in_seconds` - (Optional) The amount of time the Traffic Manager probing agent should wait before considering that check a failure when a health check probe is sent to the endpoint. If the Probing Interval is set to 30 seconds, then you can set the Timeout value between 5 and 10 seconds. If no value is specified, it uses a default value of 10 seconds. If the Probing Interval is set to 10 seconds, then you can set the Timeout value between 5 and 9 seconds. If no Timeout value is specified, it uses a default value of 9 seconds.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `timeout_in_seconds` - (Optional) The amount of time the Traffic Manager probing agent should wait before considering that check a failure when a health check probe is sent to the endpoint. If the Probing Interval is set to `30` seconds, then you can set the Timeout value between `5` and `10` seconds. If no value is specified, it uses a default value of `10` seconds. If the Probing Interval is set to `10` seconds, then you can set the Timeout value between `5` and `9` seconds. If no Timeout value is specified, it uses a default value of `9` seconds.
```

Reviewer: Also adding some validation to enforce this would be nice.

Author: Is there any example available to validate a property of scheme based on the value of another property? I couldn't find such example, and not sure if it would be feasible here, as for the optional parameters I am relying on the default defined by Azure rather then replicate them here.

Reviewer 2: unfortunately that's not possible at this time (whilst it's possible via `customizeDiff`, that won't work if the fields interpolated) - as such the best place to do that is within the Create/Update function at this point in time

> * `tolerated_number_of_failures` - (Optional) The number of failures a Traffic Manager probing agent tolerates before marking that endpoint as unhealthy. Its value can range between 0 and 9. A value of 0 means a single monitoring failure can cause that endpoint to be marked as unhealthy. If no value is specified, it uses the default value of 3.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `tolerated_number_of_failures` - (Optional) The number of failures a Traffic Manager probing agent tolerates before marking that endpoint as unhealthy. Its value can range between `0` and 9. A value of `0` means a single monitoring failure can cause that endpoint to be marked as unhealthy. Defaults to `3`.
```
